Issue #7: Added redeemGameKey method (#8)
DoctorMcKay/node-steamstore: README.md

**v1.5.0 or later is required to use this method**

Updates your account's display languages for the Steam store.

> ### redeemGameKey(gameKey[, callback])
> - `gameKey` - The Steam game key you want to redeem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### redeemSteamKey(steamKey[, callback])
- `steamKey` - The Steam activation key you want to redeem
```
or simply
```suggestion
### redeemKey(key[, callback])
- `key` - The Steam activation key you want to redeem
```

Steam keys don't only activate games, they activate any type of app. Technically, steam keys redeem steam packages.

Reviewer: Or "product key" 🤔
